When it comes to attracting new customers and increasing sales, you actually do
n't need a website. What you need is a landing page. You
create one landing page and judge whether or not you can acquire customers with it. I'd like to
introduce six essential elements for creating a successful landing page. So, I'd like to start with an introduction to
creating landing pages. I'm
Shimizu from Direct Publishing, and it's nice to meet you. First of all, I
think there are some people who don't know about our company, Direct Publishing, so I'd like to briefly
explain what kind of company we are. We were
founded in 2006, so we're a company of about 19 years.
From the beginning,
unusually for a company with "publishing" in its name, we have
specialized in web marketing, selling books, holding events and
live seminars that are derived from books, and doing
content business, and that's how we have
grown as a company. Currently, our
sales are 14 billion yen and we have more than 310 employees.
This Zarens YouTube channel is where we share our know-how and experience in web marketing and web customer acquisition.  So,
today I'd like to talk
about landing pages, which are especially important for web marketing. For more details, I'd like to explain quite
specific know-how in a simple service called Response Lab,
so if you really
want to create a landing page that sells, or a
landing page for attracting new customers, I
highly recommend joining Response Lab.
But today, I'd like to introduce the basics in
this
YouTube video. So, let's get started. First of all, I'd like to talk about why
landing pages are important. I've
written a little bit on the microphone, but to make it easier to understand, I'll first
show you a simple diagram of what the overall picture of web marketing looks like. It's
very simple, but there are customers. And
how do you basically approach these customers? You can use
Facebook ads,
Instagram ads,
YouTube ads, or even
post on Instagram to get customers who don't know you to
see your post for the first time.  There are
various methods, such as using social media to attract traffic.
Once you've gained their initial awareness, the next step is for
the user to
click on the ad. When they
click on the ad, they are all directed
to a landing page. Here,
you might see things like books for sale or requests for information. You've probably all seen this before, where there's an
email address input field, and if they
enter their email address, they receive the information. What's happening
behind the scenes is that they're added to a
customer list. If it's
LINE, it becomes a LINE friends list. Once they're on the
friends list, you can try selling
product A, or
product B. Or, as is common in
B2B,
after acquiring the list, you might
call them immediately and ask if they'd like to discuss something, leading to a small negotiation. You might then
sign a contract, and continue this process, selling product C, or an
event, and selling the
event. This is how you
increase sales.  So,
when you look at this diagram, the most
important point is this landing page,
which is the initial entry point where traffic gathers and sales are repeatedly made.
Once a customer is on your customer list, you can
approach them again and again.
For example, let's say you tried selling product A, and it didn't sell. So you can try selling product A
with a different approach, or with a different
salesperson.
Or, if product A didn't sell, you could
create product B and try selling that, or
introduce a product from another company. If it
sells after you introduce it, you can
get a commission for that introduction. There are many
ways to make money like this. Once they're on your list, as long as they do
n't leave, you
can repeatedly make sales and approaches to them. But if they don't get
on your list, they drop out here, and you have no way to
approach them anymore. If they're not your
LINE friend and you do
n't have their email address, there's no
way to approach them.  There's
no way to approach them again with advertising, and that would
cost money, and there's no
guarantee that they'll appear again.
So, whether or not they
actually end up on your customer list depends on how well the
landing
page is done. If the
landing page is
well done and, for example, your customer list
grows significantly, then the subsequent
sales will be leveraged. Is it like making a sale to a list of
10,000 people
or a sale
to a list of 10 people? The
response will be completely different, right? The
sample size is completely different. Conversely, if the
list is small, no matter how much you sell, it
won't have much impact. So, in that
sense, the
landing page, which is the very first entry point for acquiring new customers, is extremely
important. It's the
first big picture of web marketing. It's the
first point of contact with customers. In other words, the relationship starts with people who
see the landing page, become interested, and take action.  So, the
first connection is made through the
landing page. It's what's called a "
website," so some people might wonder what the difference is between it and a homepage.
Landing pages
and homepages are completely different. There are many differences,
but the main difference is their purpose. The
goal is shown on the left as a
homepage, and on the right as a landing
page. So, what's the
difference? Well, a homepage is a
site that contains all sorts of information about a company. When do people visit it? They often visit to
find out what kind of business the company does, what products they sell,
or whether they can trust the company. On
the other hand, a
landing page has only one purpose: to turn people into customers. Its
sole purpose is to get them to take some kind of action. That's the
big difference. To
put it more simply, this is the homepage of a direct seller. It's a
homepage, so it contains all sorts of information,
for example, it lists media outlets like this.  It's like saying, "We
sell these products," or "We hold these seminars," or "We've
published this novel,"
or "This is our business model." Right? But there's no
customer-specific function here, is there? There's no
function to make people want to buy a product or sign up for an email address after seeing this. On
the other hand, what is a landing
page? For example, it's something like this.
This is Dare Publishing's
landing page, and they're selling books, right? It's nothing more than
buying or not buying, isn't it? That's the
only purpose. Whether they become a
customer or not, a landing page is a
page that focuses on just one purpose.
That's the big difference.
So, if you ask which one you should create first, it's wrong,
it's a
landing page. In terms of acquiring new customers
or increasing sales, you
actually don't need a homepage. You need to
create a landing page.
Now it's been 20 years, so when someone
searches for Direct Publishing and wonders if this company is legitimate, it should
come up properly. When a new graduate
student looks up what kind of company Dare Publishing is, it should come up properly.  We have a properly
built website so that we can launch it, but for the first few years after starting the business, I don't
think we had a website. That's how it is with
websites. When we
start a new business, we
first create a landing page. We
create one landing page and judge whether or not we can acquire customers with it. Once we
acquire customers and the business grows to a certain extent, then we
rush to create a website. That's the
order we do things in. In conclusion, if you
create a landing page, you don't necessarily need a website. The
order is to
create a landing page, acquire customers, and once the
business has grown steadily, then it's
fine to create a website. That's the first
big difference between a landing page and a website. A
landing page is the
page where you advertise and get people to come first. Broadly speaking, there are
two types of landing pages: direct
sales type and lead generation type. A
landing
page is a page where you immediately sell products, or a
direct sales type. If you have a store, you can
encourage people to visit or have them make reservations there.
That's one type.  I
think you could call it a direct sales model. The
goal is to sell products. Common
examples include mail order or selling trial sets first. I think
everyone sees
these kinds of mail order landing pages, or in our case,
selling books.
These are sold directly. On
the other hand, lead generation involves getting people to call you or
request information, and not selling products at that stage, but first making them potential
customers.
From there, you send them postcards,
emails, or LINE messages to make sales. This is
called lead generation. A lead, in Japanese,
means a potential customer. People who haven't paid money yet but whose
contact information you have are
called potential customers or leads.
For example, if you have a physical store, you might not encourage visits, but you
distribute coupons and ask people to add you as a LINE friend.
This is lead generation. And
that LINE list of people who have received coupons is a
list of highly likely potential customers.
So, generating leads like this is something that
stores should
consider, no matter what kind of business it is.  There
are lead generation patterns and direct sales patterns. For example, companies that sell SaaS products,
apps, or web tools often use a request-
for-information model.
You may have seen this before,
but you request information,
enter your company information, and then a salesperson calls you right away.
This is lead
generation. The key point here is to
provide information and materials that highly likely customers who are likely to buy your product want, and
in return, you get their contact information.
For example, we hold introductory seminars, or we
make videos and ask
people to enter their email address if they want the video.
Reports are also a common pattern. Each has its
advantages and disadvantages, and it depends
on the situation of each business,
but if you're talking about C, I
think lead generation is better. That's because, in order to
steadily grow your business, prospects,
these leads, are extremely
important. Selling a product is a
high hurdle. It's difficult to get complete
strangers to suddenly pay money or
enter their credit card number.  That's a
pretty high hurdle, so
direct sales inevitably result in a
very small number of customers. On
the other hand, lead generation
allows you to gather a lot of people who are in a state of "this looks kind of good" or "I'm kind of interested." In short, it's not about
paying money, but rather, if they're kind of
interested, maybe we can get them to register their email address
or LINE account, which is a pretty
low hurdle, right? And it's very easy to
gather them, so you end up with a large list of potential customers. And if you have a large list of potential customers, as I
showed in the overall diagram earlier, once you get their
contact information, you
can approach them repeatedly. But if you don't get their contact information, you
can't approach that person anymore. Lead
generation on the web is often compared to Napa in relationships. If you
can get their contact information even once, you can contact them repeatedly,
but if you don't get their contact information, it's
almost impossible to meet them, right? So if you
gather a solid list of potential customers, your
business will become stable after that. I
want you to imagine this for a moment.
But I run a store and I have a LINE list of 500 people and a
LINE
list of 1000 people. When someone says they want to make a reservation this week, and you
throw out a message like, "We just have an emergency reservation slot open up, so if you've made a reservation, please do so now," it often fills up with a good probability. Or, if you've
created a
new product and want to test whether it will sell,
suddenly
launching a big ad campaign for it is a bit risky,
so you can first send a message to potential customers asking, "We've created this product,
what do you think?" and
see their reaction. If you've
built a solid relationship, you'll get a
very high response rate, and it will be easier to increase sales.
Selling a product to someone you know to some extent is
easier than
selling a product to someone you don't know at all, and of course, it's easier to sell to a list of potential customers. Acquiring leads will be a
great strength for you in the future, so if you're wondering which to do, I
think you should start with lead acquisition. Of course, direct sales have their own advantages, like
selling products on the spot.  Because of
this, high-quality customers come in, and a
certain amount of cash is generated there, so there is the
advantage that advertising investments are recovered faster. On the other hand, the
number of customers is inevitably small, so I
think it is very important to continue lead generation, even for those who are doing direct sales. Also, direct
sales are really difficult to sell.
We have
books, which are easy to understand and low-priced products, so
this is quite suitable for direct sales. That is because there are not
many people who have never bought a book, and there is a certain level of
trust in books.
There is a general image that if it is in a book, it must be proper information. So books are
very suitable for new formats. We have been doing
sales writing
and web marketing for 20 years, so I
think we have a pretty good sales ability. That is why we do direct sales,
but if you don't have that, I
think it will be quite difficult.
Next, let's create a landing page.
Before we begin, I'd like to
introduce three points that I want you to know, things you absolutely must not do. The first is completely
handing it over to someone who can create it.
This is the most common mistake. If you search online, you'll find tons of
people like web designers, and there are plenty of companies
like that.
But from my experience, I can
say with certainty that there are almost no web design companies that can create pages that attract customers or pages that sell. In
order to create a landing page that attracts customers, you obviously need to know
what problems your customers are facing, what makes your
product
unique, what
aspects you should highlight as selling points, what strengths your company is emphasizing, and so on. There are many points that need to be researched. If a
web design company wants to
create a landing page that sells, they should
first conduct interviews with
customers to research what problems they are currently facing,
what selling points your product has,
and what unique strengths it has.  You have to
research the situation of your competitors, and you also have to
research what the situation is like, so it can take 23 months
or so. There's no way you
can do that for a few hundred thousand yen. If it's completely
outsourced, then from the production company's perspective, if it's something like
2.3 million yen, they
can't spend that much time on it, so how do they
make it? They can usually look at typical pages in that industry and
make something that looks similar, but that doesn't mean it's a
page that will sell. There are
tons of similar pages out there. That's because a
lot of people just leave it all to the designers. You all have a
lot of passion for your products, you know their
strengths, and you know your
customers best, right? It's definitely better if
you
create your own product's landing page. So
what should you do when using a production company? Instead of just leaving it all to them, you should
understand all the basics of how to make a landing page yourself, and then give the production company instructions like, "Please
convey these points in this order, and this is how you want to sell it."  I
think it's a really good use of the service to just ask them to design the page, but please absolutely
avoid the mistake of completely handing it over to them. It's
fine to entrust it to them after you've properly created the framework and so on. The
second thing is to copy
competitors who aren't attracting customers, and this is also surprisingly common.
From the customer's perspective, they often think they're all the
same. So the
question is, how do you get them to choose you? What happens then is that they'll
naturally choose the cheapest option or go to the biggest one. It's
better to copy competitors who are attracting customers, but if you do that, then there's
another problem: if your direct competitor copies you, it can lead to
lawsuits and so on. So
basically,
copying teaching materials is not a good idea.
By the way, I
run a membership service called Response Lab, where I provide information exclusively to members, and I
distribute a lot of in-depth information.
However,
one of the services at Response Lab is that we know about the lang and vegetarians of various industries and business types, so
every month we share successful landing pages
with our members, and we know that these are working well. There are a
lot of points that you can imitate from successful landing pages in industries and business types different from your own, and you won't get in trouble for imitating them at all,
since the industries are different to begin with. So you can
use the catchphrase that worked well there, or
copy the design exactly as it is, and that's totally OK. So in
that sense, I
highly recommend Response Lab, so I'll
put information about the lab in the description box, so please take a look if you're
interested. Now, the third thing is trying to
create something perfect from the beginning.
This is actually quite common in amateur marketing. There are quite a few people who
think they should finish it completely themselves before releasing it. I really understand
that feeling,
but what happens then is that it never gets
finished,
and in the end they end up not releasing a landing page or something like that.  It's quite common for
one, two, or three months to pass with nothing happening.
The point is, no matter
how much you learn about landing pages, you wo
n't know if they'll sell or not until you actually launch them.
Of course, we have many theories and we can
study past successful cases to increase our chances of success,
but we can't guarantee 100% sales,
so it's incredibly important to launch them and see the reaction. The
great thing about web advertising and web marketing is that you get
all the results in text. You get the numbers:
how many people viewed the landing page, how many people
signed up, and whether that's high or
low. Then you can
improve from there, right?
Or you can get feedback from customers and ask them why they
viewed the landing page and decided to buy the product, and then
strengthen those points and remake the landing page. So even if it's only
78%
complete, just create it first and
treat it as a hypothesis, not the finished product.  It's
very important to think about it, create one landing page, and put it out there. Then you can
improve it while observing the reactions. So, from here, I'd like to
gradually go into how to actually create one. I think what I'm about to tell you is the most
important thing in today's video. If I had to ask you to
take away just one thing from this video,
I would strongly recommend this.
Listen carefully. A
landing page is made up of
block structures. Think of a landing
page as being made up
of combinations of content blocks.
Thinking this way will
significantly lower the hurdle when creating a landing page. For example, this is a
landing page from overseas. But if you look closely, you can see that it's made up of
blocks. It's
actually one page,
but it's
divided into parts, which I think you
can probably imagine. In fact, the
design also uses blue blocks and
pure white blocks to separate them.
Okay, so it's really easy to see, right? If we break it down, it's made up of
individual parts like this. Try to think of it as
assembling these parts to create one landing page. There are several
blocks that you absolutely must include. So you
create those blocks all at once first.
If you create one block for each block, it's really easy, isn't it? It seems
easy, right? For example,
if you create a block for the price list, you just create a block for the price list, so you can just quickly make it.
Next, you
want a block to put in customer testimonials, so if there is a
block that expresses customer testimonials nicely, you can imitate
that and create a
block for customer testimonials. Then, when you actually create the
landing page, you
assemble it by rearranging the
blocks like this. I will
now tell you about blocks that you absolutely must not
leave out. If you understand that, I think you won't miss any necessary elements.
LPs are made up of block structures. I
think it's good to keep this firmly in mind. In reality, various  If you
look at a landing page, for example, this one is the first
block, this
block here, this block here, the customer, this block here, the
author, and the
usage instructions are also one block, and so on.
ZOOM is also made up of blocks, and that's
also one block, right? We
users also try to understand it block by block.
So
even if you don't read all the information, you can get a general idea of ​​what the product is, don't you think? You can get a general idea of
what the service called "Management Electrical Channel" is just by
reading the first headline of each block. You
can get a general idea without reading anything at all, right? And so,
viewers
grasp the content block by block, so it becomes
important to create a landing page that matches how viewers see it. So, in that
sense, I think it's good to be aware of this block structure when
creating a landing page. And if you're going to look at
how each of those blocks is made up, there are
three main types. First of all,  The
headline is basically where you
put the most important text within that block. There should always be
some kind of image in each block.
For example, this is a
block about three features, so if you
line up three of them, you can see at a glance that there are
three features.
Adding visuals makes it
much easier for people to understand. Then there's the
copy. These are the three things where the detailed copy is added. There are also
subheadings,
and you can add subheadings and rearrange them. There
are already various shapes and templates for blocks. This is
one block from our recruitment page, and this is the
fourth of the five features of our company's work style. You can
understand what it says even if you don't read the copy. As a creator, you should always
narrow down the message you convey in each block to just one thing. Otherwise, it will become confusing.
For example, this is a block that
conveys the feature that there are many hardworking colleagues around you.  If you
include information like the company's benefits package or the company's downsides in this block, it definitely won't be
read. So, the idea is to
create one block for each thing you want to convey. For example, if you want to convey that the
merits of working at our company are that you have a lot of
autonomy because it's a small organization, then create one block for
that autonomy. The idea is to
decide on one thing you want to convey and create one
block for it. That's the image we have when
creating landing pages. Think about how
websites in the world are structured in this way. If you look at them, you'll see that there are generally
established
patterns. If you become aware of these patterns and
collect them, you can
actually create a decent landing page even without a
designer's help.
Recognizing the block structure is a
very important point. Now, I'd like to
introduce six essential elements for creating a landing page that actually sells.  I'd like to introduce
the six elements: headline, key visual, subhead, benefit, CTA, and social proof. I know that just
saying this won't make sense, so I'd
like to show you an example of a well-designed landing page and explain how they are structured. For
several years now,
90% of our sales have been based on lead generation, and we have
landing pages.
Each of these is structured like a block. There's a
block here, and another block here, and each one is like a table of contents
block. Of the
six elements, we've talked about the
headline, key visual, and subhead.
This is the
headline, and the subhead is this part.
Essentially, a headline is a way of
summarizing the product's main selling point or strength in a single sentence. It's
best to keep headlines short. It's
very important to keep them concise and easy to understand in one or two words.
Books are a good example; the book
title and the main selling point are very clear.  It's like a catchy slogan that gets straight to the point and
conveys the main selling point.
And because it's short, there are
other things we want to convey, so we
cover those in subheadings. For
example, the title of this report, "Selling is 90%", is quite catchy, so we put "Selling is 90%" as the headline. In
the publishing industry, "something is 90%" is a surefire
title, so I think there are quite a few of them. "
Speaking is 90%" or "Communication is 90%". But
that alone isn't very
clear, so we added some supplementary information in the subheadings to the report's content: "
28 Stories of How Selling Changed Results: A
Thorough Explanation of the Sales and Communication Methods Hidden Behind Those Hit Products." So, what
this report is structured like is that it
explains how various hit products became hits, but all of the
hit products listed here are
stories of how they became hits simply by changing the way they were marketed. The main
point we want to convey with this report is that
marketing is incredibly important.  I
want to convey that the way you sell is incredibly important, and the
title that best conveys that is "How to Sell 9". The
headline and subheadings pretty much
convey the selling points of this product. And
although I'm not in the exact order,
CTA stands for Call to Action, which in
Japanese means a call to action, so on
this
webpage it's this part, the button to add to the cart. The
sole purpose of a
landing
page is to get customers to take action. The primary purpose of a landing page is to get them to take action and become prospects. So what is a CTA? It's the
button or call to action that gets customers to become prospects.
Of course, without this, the
sole purpose of a landing page cannot be achieved,
so CTAs are
very important. And then there are benefits, and what are benefits?
Benefits are the
results or changes you get from buying this product.
In reports like this, the table of contents is often like a list of
benefits. It's the
kind of thing that makes you think, "That looks interesting," or "I want to read that."  It's like a
benefit, and that's what makes people
decide whether to buy or not.
So, in a report like this, the table of contents is a benefit. And the
last one is social proof.
For example, this is also social proof. It has been
featured in many media outlets. This
conveys that it is trustworthy. That's what social proof is. If you
change the wording, you can also call it evidence.
Reviews are one of them.
In the end, web customers are suspicious.
One of the reasons they look at the landing page and don't buy is that they think
this company is suspicious, or is it
okay to buy it, or is it really a good product? They are
suspicious. Social proof is an
element that blocks that feeling of suspicion. For example, having
447 ratings with an average rating of around 4.5 stars
is one form of social proof, and
customer reviews are also social proof. On
the other hand, there are other elements as well.
Of course, there are guarantees and
things written about direct publishing,
but honestly, this will sell.  You don't necessarily need to
create a landing page, and that's why we have
n't included it as one of the six key elements yet. The reason we include these things is because we'll be running
ads,
and the media's review process is very important. If you're
running ads on Facebook, Facebook will review them, and if you don't properly
demonstrate to Facebook that you're a legitimate company, you might get rejected during the review process.
So we've
included company information and other details, and also a
100-yen report,
but after that, we'll be selling this product, so we've included
transparency in the business, and so on, all for the
sake of media review.
Rather than creating a landing page that will sell, it's more of a review strategy. If you
look at other landing pages, this one from
a while ago got a pretty good response.
This is also a
landing page for a web seminar, and it got a pretty good
response. The headline is
this, and the subheadings are like this. It
includes some elements that support the idea of ​​"next generation."  So,
what is a key visual? It's the most
important image on a website. In
most cases, the key visual is the
image that's visible first in the first view. In the case of the "
90% Sales Method" example I mentioned earlier, the
cover of the report is the key visual. There's a call to action (
CTA) here, meaning that if you enter your email address, you can
watch this video. There's also a benefit section here. It's a
block that combines benefits and social proof,
implying that there's a very successful marketing method, and that by adopting it, you too can ride this wave. It also shows the
results we've achieved by actually using it.
This is both proof and a benefit. This is
definitely social proof. You might have
seen this kind of design on other companies' websites,
but it's a direct copy of Apple's
website design, showcasing our track
record.  They've
included this information, and it conveys that this is a legitimate
company, a company that is very knowledgeable about web marketing.
And it says here's the benefit of this video: by grasping
this trend in web marketing before others,
you will be able to acquire new customers. But
especially for landing
pages that you put up for advertising, as I mentioned earlier, the
media outlets review it, and in the case of Instagram, Instagram
reviews it, so it's becoming quite difficult to directly say things like "sales will
increase" or "you will lose weight" because the
review process is getting
stricter these days. So what I really want to
say is that by grasping this trend in web marketing, you will be able to acquire customers overwhelmingly better than everyone else,
but I can't say that, so I'm deliberately
hiding it and hinting at it. It's a
nuanced approach. To
put it simply, when
Google ads came out in 2002, the
people who rode that wave made a lot of money, and then
Facebook came out in 2010.  When
this trend took off, people in the prepared food industry all made a
fortune, and now there's
another ad that's
getting better results than Facebook ads, and when you tell them that, you can
subtly hint that you might make money using it, right? You do
n't say, "You'll make money like this," but you're
conveying the benefit by implying it, and this is another example.
In the end, you're only stating facts, but it's like
conveying a kind of benefit.
This is what we use for Facebook ads, but this new ad looks like this. You're
not saying, "You'll increase 3.2 times," but you're subtly hinting that
using this might have a huge impact, and that's a benefit.
This is
information from the company providing the ad, and it's
included as a kind of review measure.
For example, this page is a
landing page for a pharmacy, and since it's a
direct sales model, it says, "Please come directly to the store," and it's a
landing page that got a great response, but each one is 1  If we break it down,
first the
headline is here: "We have a client who gave birth at 48 years old. We
offer consultations on how to prepare your body for pregnancy."
This landing page
conveys what they do, or what this shop does, in just one sentence. Then there's a
subheading that says, "We
want to attract customers like this: those who have had bad results from their doctor but don't want to give up on having children." This subheading also includes the
doctor's social
proof. I actually
interviewed the person who created this landing page, and they
said that the social proof element, which I mentioned earlier, is very important for landing pages that attract new customers in today's
world. The feeling of "this is suspicious" or "is this company trustworthy?" is getting stronger every year. I think most people feel the same way. Web companies are often seen as suspicious, aren't they? In fact, there are a lot of
news stories about people being deceived, so
consumers are becoming more and more guarded against being scammed.
Considering that, in modern marketing, it's crucial to convey how to gain
trust and how to show that you're running a legitimate
business, and
I completely agree.
So, on the landing page that person creates, the
headline and key visual are, of course,
important in the first view, as are the subheadings,
but social proof should also be placed
where it's most visible. He said this is the key point.
This particular
landing page highlights the amazing result that someone gave birth at the age of 48,
so it's
very likely that people will think it's a lie.
Therefore, as a block, they've included
social proof such as "We've received this pregnancy report," or "We've been featured in the media," which gives the
impression that this company is legitimate and that third-party media outlets are covering it, so it's one form of social proof. They've also visualized and
conveyed awards they've received, which is also very important. And
actually, if you take a look at the contents...  I
understand, but the benefits are written around here, or the
reasons for buying this product are written here, and
each of these is also in a block, and if you
look at it block by block like this, you'll be able to think, "I'll try to imitate this," or "I'll use
this as a reference," and so on.
This is also a good key
visual, isn't it? A photo of you with an actual customer is a classic
pattern for key visuals, and I
think the most important element of a key visual is to clearly and easily convey the product or service you are offering. It's the same with merchandise, if you have a
pen, then the pen will
definitely be the key visual, right?
Even if you don't have a product, a photo of you with a satisfied customer like this is
very good, and if you're
attracting people to a seminar or web briefing, using a visual of the briefing in progress is also
very good, right? Yes, the worst thing you can do with a key visual is to use
something pulled from a stock photo site or somewhere else as your key
visual. That's the worst thing you can do,
because it lacks realism.  It will disappear,
so for example, when you look at the landing page of a hair salon, if you
want to say something like "Your hair will become super smooth," then
instead of using a photo of an actual customer with super smooth hair, you often use some stock photo, and it just looks so
fake. In
that case, it would be better to use a photo of someone who actually looks that way, along with a photo of
yourself or a scene of you performing the treatment, and that would
definitely be
better. Even if you look at this baby photo, you wouldn't
think it's stock, would you? Apparently, the
person who made the LP actually
took this photo themselves, but the fact that it looks like an
ordinary photo taken by an amateur actually makes it more
realistic. Especially for businesses that have
customers coming in, or
service industries, it's really important to convey that there is a real
shop and that the people are legitimate. People don't want to come into
contact with strange people, do they? In
that sense, the
psychological hurdle is higher, so for example, this is also a
chiropractic clinic, but it has a headline and a
key, and this is also actually the chairman of the clinic.
The doctor and this client are osteopaths specializing in baseball, so the
key visual reinforces their unique selling point of treating while the patient is throwing.
Including a photo of them with a client is also effective as social proof. Just by
looking at it, you can tell that they are a reputable person. You can see that they have
clients, and there is
strong evidence that they accompanied the Hanshin Tigers to their training camp, so they included things like that. If you've
listened to what I've said so far, you'll see that it's
structured in blocks, so you can
analyze it like this. For example,
in this block, they
say "three reasons," and you can see that
this expression can certainly be imitated. If you look
at each block and think about what you can use as a reference, you'll find a
lot of usable ideas. And because it's
made in blocks, it's
easy to read. It's
not just a continuous string of text information, and
although there aren't actual divisions, it's
recognized as being in blocks. So you get a sense of what kind of
information is written in each section, and you can look through it
without any burden.  It works, and that's the
amazing point. And
finally, if you watch the overseas version, you'll see it's the world's
number one.  There's this guy named Chino Aso Robbins, and he's holding an
online
event, so the
key visual is self-explanatory. There's a
photo in the background of the cat, and it looks like a lot of
people are participating. There's a photo, and it's
really good. I
think it's a key visual.
The name of the online event is in the headline,
and the subheading says that this is what the
event is about. The
CTA is the benefits, and the benefits are listed around
here.
These three are what you'll get. It's good to have something like
this
as a design template, and you can use it as a
reference when you create your own running page. Also, here and there are
social proof, like customer
testimonials. They're blocks,
but if the person is slightly
outside the block, it really attracts attention. If you
want to make the recommenders stand out, you
can include a design like this. This is also a CTA.
When creating an offer, you can
list three options, the lowest plan and the recommended plan.  Let's
line up three "best plans,"
and each offers something different, so they're all a little
longer. At a
glance, you can tell from the design that the rightmost course is the most
comprehensive and also the most expensive.
This also makes for a pretty good CTA
block. To summarize, there
are six key components:
headline, key visual, subheading, benefit,
CTA, and social proof. At the very least, when you
create your own landing page, I think it's good to be mindful of whether these six elements are properly
included. The
headline is the most
eye-catching text on the first screen you see. It's
important to convey the most important message in a short amount of time. Especially with new customers, they decide whether to read the
page or leave the moment they see it, so if the
text is long, they
can't make a decision and it will just be skipped. That's why it's
important to keep the headline short. Of course, if you make it short, some
information will not be conveyed.  So
that's where the subheading comes in to support it.
Another important thing on the first screen you see is the
key visual. I think most of you probably feel the same way,
but when you
look at most web pages, you look at the headline and key visual and
decide whether to continue reading or leave.
So, surprisingly, many people don't put much thought into
creating a solid key visual, or
what kind of key visual would best
convey the selling points of their product.
But even in times like these, I'd like you to think about this: What is the most important piece of
information you want to convey first? If you could choose just one thing, what would it be? And what
visual best represents that? I think it's
good to think from that perspective. It's hard to come up with anything if you start by thinking about
visualization right away. It's the same
when creating the first view of your web page. What is the most important thing you want to convey first? If you were
told you could only convey one thing about your service, what would it be? That's what you should start with in your first visual.  So that's what
comes in, right? That becomes the headline, and what
supports it becomes the sub-copy and
sub-headline, and the
key visual is what visually represents it. So, the benefit is to
write about what results you can expect by buying the offer on the running page, and what changes will occur by acquiring the product. You can start by
talking about the customer's problem and
then write about how that problem will be solved. That kind of
writing can also be considered a benefit.
And a common one is, "Do you have this problem?
This problem can be solved here," which is also a benefit.
For example, this one, for example, is the
success story of the baseball coaching that helps kids cry while correcting their technique. It's a
running page for mothers with kids who play baseball, and it asks if their
child has this problem, like, "They play
baseball,
but it hurts when they throw," and it says, "This problem
can be solved here." That's one
benefit. This set is why benefits can
simply be written as these three
features or three reasons why you should buy this product, or
not like that, like this problem  Are you struggling with this? We can
solve that problem here.
This set will also be a benefit. And
without a CTA, you ca
n't get the customer's attention, so you need to create one clearly and
prepare several. Not just at the bottom, but at the top, in the middle, and at the very bottom as well. You need to get the customer to take action, so you want to make it stand out the most, and keep it coming back to get them to take action. That's the
key point. And finally, social
proof, as I mentioned earlier, is
especially important in this day and age, as there are many
cases where people think something is suspicious or shady. That's why you should include as much
social proof as possible, and try to
put it as high up as possible.
Most people will leave at the top if you put it at the bottom,
so it's recommended to put something that makes them feel they can
trust you on the first screen they see. That's
especially true these days. Well, this has gotten
a bit long, but
today...  In the section on
creating landing pages, I
explained the basics. To
summarize today's content,
firstly, I said that you don't need to write a landing page for acquiring new customers.
What's the difference between a homepage and a landing page? The
purpose is completely different. A homepage is a page that
contains various information so that people can see the company. On
the other hand, the purpose of a landing page is to get
customers to take action. The
purpose is to turn customers into leads and then into customers. So they are completely
different, and the first thing you need to create is a
landing page. Next, I talked about
three mistakes you shouldn't make when creating a landing page. The first is to leave it entirely
to a vendor. You won't get a good landing page by just leaving it to a vendor. So you
yourself need to create the
framework and know your products and customers well. Also, don't just copy your
competitors.
Usually, they don't do it very well, so even if you
copy something that's 30 points, you'll only get about 25 points.  If you're going to
copy something, you should
copy something that's 100 points or 90 points,
but something that's 60 or 70 points is a pretty good LINE, right?
Copy a landing page that has actually sold well. What you need to be careful about when doing this is that
copying something from a competitor can often cause problems,
so try to apply
something that's working well in another industry to your own industry.
This has a
big impact and is a
method that you can do without any problems, so I highly recommend doing it. The
third thing is not to try to get a finished product right away. You won't
get anywhere if you do that, so just accept that it's
60 points at first and put it out there. You'll get
results, and then you can
improve it from there. So, do
n't try to get a finished product right away. I
think it's good to keep this in mind. Those were the three mistakes. And now, I'd like to
talk about something very important about landing pages, which is that
landing
pages are made up of block structures.
This is very important, so  I would like you to take away this much
knowledge. From
now on, when you
look at landing pages in the world, or
when you look at the landing page of a product you bought, try to look at how it was structured. This will make it
much
easier to analyze and imitate.
When you look at your own LPU, it will be easier to
judge whether a block is unnecessary.
Customers who view landing pages
read block by block, so I
think it's a good idea for creators to make each block easy to read by creating one block for each thing they want to convey and combining them. So, the
six elements I included are headline, subheading, key visual, benefit,
CTA, and
social proof. When you
look back at the landing pages you have created, I
think it would be good to be aware of whether these elements are properly included, or whether you can strengthen any of these elements. Of course there are other elements as well,
but at least
these six elements should be properly included or
strengthened.
Finally, I would like to give you more
specific information on creating landing pages.  If you're interested in
learning the know-how and methods, then you can
join our Response Lab affiliate service, which offers a course called "Introduction to Landing Page Creation." There, you can
learn more specific know-how. As I
mentioned earlier in this video,
Response Lab is arguably the most comprehensive service
we offer. It covers everything from
LP strategy to
advertising courses, including Instagram ads,
YouTube ads, and email
marketing. We have about 13 series of web
marketing creation courses, all of which you can
watch as much as you want. Plus, every month, we introduce real-world examples of successful
landing
pages and web promotions exclusively for our members. So, our members can always
look at these examples and think, "
This block on the landing page looks useful, maybe I should try imitating it."
Every month,
people look at these examples, imitate them, and achieve results. If you
want to know more, there's a
link in the description box, so please check it out.  So, today we've
covered the basics of creating landing pages, which are the most important tool for attracting new customers. I plan to continue sharing
essential know-how for web marketing
on YouTube,
so I hope you'll check it out. That's all for
today. I'd love to hear any
comments you might have.
See you in the next video! Thank you very much.
[Music]